I again want to start by structuring this app we're thinking about which items which pages which essence
we're going to need.
We have a look at the flow Office app we had as a starting page where we have two tabs at the bottom
and we start at the shopping list for example.
Though of course you could switch to the order that we can go to the recipes and you would get those
plus button which allows us to go to the new recipe page.
There we get a couple of input fields and we also got these dropdown here which is a normal input field
as you will learn.
And we also get this managing Creedon button which shows us is actually at the bottom which allows us
to do something on our recipe here or on our recipe form.
We can there add a new ingredient which will open up this dialogue which has a input field and if we
click the new recipe button here we actually create the recipe added to our list of recipes we can then
view it and also add ingredients to our shopping list.
And we all could do that manually there.
The challenge for you now is create the pages we need here and all to feel free to create the tap's
navigational ready.
I will then also show you how I do this but I think you get the tools to do this and therefore it's
a great challenge and exercise to bolters this on your own.
You should see which pages we need from this structure here like a shopping list the recipes new recipe
and so on.
So feel free to create those pages and then you can compare it with my solution and I'll show how I
go about setting up this app and setting up the taps and negation and so on starting in the next lecture